hi it's Brad from backcountry skiing
Canada calm and today's tip is about
safety gear we know we should always
carry a transceiver shovel and probe
those are pretty standard issue there's
a few other items I want to show you
that you should consider carrying as
well the first item is probably the most
important is some sort of communication
device so either a VHF UHF radio a spot
locator beacon something that you can
communicate with people in case you get
in danger after that we've got other
safety gear such as a bivvy sack this
one to buy peeps in crawl right inside
stay warm in case you have an accident I
consider my down jacket part of my
safety kit as well you got to stay warm
out there of course the first-aid gear
this first-aid kit is an adventure
medical kit and it's waterproof bag it's
got all the supplies and it band-aids
drugs you name it and they're also in
waterproof bags as well to keep
everything dry and secure and the last
item that I consider part of my safety
kit is my what I call my bag of tricks
and inside this I have a ski tool for
making repairs you never know when
things are gonna break down
I've also have a headlamp in this little
pocket and you should always take a
headlamp no matter where you go even if
it's just defer an hour tour if you get
held out overnight you're gonna need a
headlamp of some sort and these zippers
here I have a few more items that I
carry everywhere I go
spare pair of gloves you know waterproof
bag Bruce block cord can be used for
doing a number of things tying up things
rescue sled I've got some roll a quick
straps for again making a rescue sled
repairs to bindings things like that and
then finally in here I've got a whole
bag of goodies for repairing bindings
wire hip straps duct tape I've got a
little bit of flagging tape in case you
get lost
plastic bags if your feet get wet and
some fire starters as well because
you'll want to be able to make a fire
pretty quickly and I've also got in here
with the requisite teepee I've got
matches and a lighter all in waterproof
bags as well and then I've also got a
backup disposable baby bag as well
more than one so lots of different items
to take out in the backcountry no matter
if it's a date or for an hour day
multi-day or even a week like we have
here at copán glacier cabin we're up
here for the week I carry all the same
gear and hopefully I never have to use
any of this and just stays on my pack
for a year after year and it's there if
I needed that's today's tip thanks